README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm a TypeScript developer who likes working on backends, libraries and everything that scales

#### My stats

![networkException's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=networkException&bg_color=30,e96443,904e95&title_color=fff&text_color=fff)

#### Stuff about me

> 🔭 I’m currently working on

maintaining ungoogled-chromium-archlinux and t2linux.org's wiki

> 💬 Ask me about

anything you want! I will try my best to help you out, but the most success you will probably have with topics like Linux, Minecraft, Discord, TypeScript and Java

> 📫 Reach out to me on

[@networkexception:chat.upi.li@matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/@networkexception:chat.upi.li), [@networkException#0001@discord.com](https://discord.nwex.de/), [@networkexception@keybase.io](https://keybase.nwex.de/), [@networkexception@chaos.social](https://mastodon.nwex.de), [nwex.de](https://nwex.de/), [@networkException@gitlab.upi.li](https://gitlab.upi.li/networkException) or [github@nwex.de](mailto:github@nwex.de)!

> 😄 My pronouns are

https://pronoun.is/he and https://pronoun.is/they

Commit message:

README: Complete rewrite
This patch removes the previous content of the readme file and replaces
it with an updated version:

- An RFC 2119 disclaimer has been added according to RFC 2119
- Used pronouns have been updated and clarified using RFC 2119 key words
- The list of projects has been updated and split into maintain and
  contribute
- The entries in the contact section has been replaced by a link to my
  website.

README.md, after:

# Hi I'm networkException

> The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT" "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

I am a developer, maintainer and system administrator working on a variety of open source projects.

You SHOULD use [they/them](https://en.pronouns.page/they) pronouns when referring to me, however you MAY also use [he/him](https://en.pronouns.page/he) or [she/her](https://en.pronouns.page/she).

## Projects I maintain in my free time

- [github.com/t2linux/wiki](https://github.com/t2linux/wiki) The t2linux.org wiki - A project to run Linux on Apple T2 devices
- [github.com/ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium](https://github.com/ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium) Chromium sans integration with Google
- [github.com/ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium-archlinux](https://github.com/ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium-archlinux) Arch Linux packaging for ungoogled-chromium

## Projects I contribute to in my free time

- [github.com/SerenityOS/serenity](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity) The Serenity Operating System 🐞

as well as various other ones that can be seen on my contribution history.

## Contact

You MAY contact me using any one of the services and platforms listed on [nwex.de](https://nwex.de). Other source management sites are also listed there.
